coordinator: support AKS workload identity for HSM authentication (#963)
edgelesssys/marblerun: docs/docs/workflows/hsm-sealing.md

    az keyvault key create --exportable true --hsm-name "MarbleRunHSM" --kty OCT-HSM --name "marblerun-skr-key" --policy ./policy.json
    ```

Once your HSM is up an running, you have two options for providing the Coordinator with credentials to access the HSM.
You can either set up a [Service Principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/app-objects-and-service-principals) and provide its credentials to the Coordinator,

> or, if running on Azure Kubernetes, use [Workload Identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/workload-identity-overview) which automatically injects short-lived credentials into the Coordinator Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your HSM is up and running, you have two options for providing the Coordinator with credentials to access the HSM:

* Set up a [Service Principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/app-objects-and-service-principals) and provide its credentials to the Coordinator.
* If running on Azure Kubernetes, use [Workload Identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/workload-identity-overview), which automatically injects short-lived credentials into the Coordinator Pods.
```

    az keyvault key create --exportable true --hsm-name "MarbleRunHSM" --kty OCT-HSM --name "marblerun-skr-key" --policy ./policy.json
    ```

Once your HSM is up an running, you have two options for providing the Coordinator with credentials to access the HSM:

* Set up a [Service Principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/app-objects-and-service-principals) and provide its credentials to the Coordinator.

> * If running on Azure Kubernetes, use [Workload Identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/workload-identity-overview) which automatically injects short-lived credentials into the Coordinator Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your HSM is up and running, you have two options for providing the Coordinator with credentials to access the HSM:

* Set up a [Service Principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/app-objects-and-service-principals) and provide its credentials to the Coordinator.

* If running on Azure Kubernetes, use [Workload Identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/workload-identity-overview), which automatically injects short-lived credentials into the Coordinator Pods.
```
